feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 16 (#59645)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-clarify-misunderstandings/67f3c380011ca0fc9b476613.md

---
id: 67f3c380011ca0fc9b476613
title: Task 142
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-142
---

<!-- (Audio) David: No problem. Talk to you soon. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What does David mean?

## --answers--

> He is saying goodbye, but expects to speak with the person again shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He is saying goodbye, but expects to speak with Jessica again shortly.
```

---

He is making plans to meet up in person soon.

### --feedback--

David doesn't mention meeting in person, just talking again.

---

He is ending the conversation permanently.

### --feedback--

`Talk to you soon` suggests future communication, not a permanent goodbye.

---

> He wants to call the person back immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He wants to call Jessica back immediately.
```
